other monkey's top five trophies
presents top 5 most pointless trophies
in video games
number five a different tale trophy in
sonic 3 on the Mega Drive collection ok
so this gold trophy for Sonic 3 is so
stupid I mean it's a gold so you would
think that you would need to do
something rather tricky to get it yet
all i have to do is get 100 rings in one
of the acts on Angel Island Wow of all
the ideas of trophies they could have
come up with the sonic 3 this was their
best get 100 rings come on why isn't it
something harder a more worthy of a goal
look how easy it is you can easily fire
around as tails collecting rings and
avoiding all the badniks even if you do
get hit a few times and lose some rings
there's still loads around for you to
collect ah say yeah what a waste number
for all of the trophies in terminator
salvation ok so this is an exactly one
single trophy instead it's all of the
games trophies these trophies suck ass
and just stink the lack of imagination
and laziness on the developers path all
of them yes the seven or so gold rope is
that you get are just for completing the
games for you tractors the game would
just be better off coming with a sticker
on the Box same piss easy platinum
inside or trophy hunters are gonna love
this now you just get them for going
through the game which I'm assuming you
would do anyway if you brought it you
would actually play through the game
number three the man's trophy in leisure
suit larry box office bust so for these
trophies you have to drive around for
three hours or playing the game and also
drive 400 miles in a vehicle ok don't be
fine if it was a racing game but this is
supposed to be a platform so surely
you're going to be on your feet right so
i decided to do a full lap around the
whole outer edge of the complex going
for each horror by tannic
Western and all the other lots and that
should net me a fair few miles okay
let's check stats morals 10 extra miles
that's it ah this is gonna take you
forever why why did they think three
hours four hundred miles was going to be
fun and rewarding it's not even like
this scenery is nice it's the studio
lots of just empty and lifeless then to
top it all off you have to contend with
the poor handling awkward camera ah oh
whatever you do make sure you don't hit
a tree or crash into anything you get
stuck on one of those Larry will just
refuse to get out of the car so you have
to reload to save using all the miles
and minutes you have done ah utterly
pointless trophy you gain nothing out of
there's just no redeeming qualities evil
of these fun as trophies number two
chain smoker The Saboteur this world war
two game has some really frustrating
trophies that require a ridiculous
amount of farming to get them ones like
spend X amount of money and free play a
hundred percent really annoyed me but
perhaps the most annoying and pointless
one on there for me has to be chain
smoker this one involves smoking while
making the character smoke at least you
can do this by standing still as it then
triggers his idle animation so basically
this is a trophy that you get for being
idle I just have to stand still and make
him smoke okay so you saw me smoke a
couple of times there but how many times
do I actually have to do this as it's
pretty boring Rob just getting on with
the game well you have to make in smoke
over a hundred cigarettes why cut down
it this trophy to me is just one big
mistake it's almost as if the developers
just put it in there
to laugh at all the trophy and
achievement whores out there you just
want a hundred percent the game I can
see in the thinking yeah this is a
ridiculous tropheus reading on our
annoyance okay so before number one
let's get a quick recap number five
sonic 3 100 rings number for the whole
of terminator salvation number three
leather suit Larry's tedious driving
endurance number two saboteurs smoke
addiction and number one take five
trophy eat lead so here's number one and
the honor goes to one of eat loads
trophies it's trophy take five is the
one I'm run about where you have to
fight for it pause the game for the
first time yeah you heard me right you
get a trophy just by pressing start
seriously watch crap that just makes me
feel cheap and a I actually feel like a
cheap for doing that this has to be the
easiest and most pointless trophy in a
game other I guess they were just trying
to be funny and poke fun at video game
achievements still most of the jokes in
the game full flap and for me this pause
trophy was just lazy the easiest and
most pointless trophy up and perhaps
want the cheapest and shameful trophies
to have on their list where that one was
shame people annoyed
you